Adds meetup strategy definition (#17)
ansible-community/meetup: docs/ansible_meetup_strategy.md

> This is the document that explains the overall strategy for the Ansible meetup.
> This document defines and elaborates the schema and policy for Ansible Meetup. This further explains the organization guidelines, permissions and  enablement and onbroading process of different stakeholders (organizers, co-organizers, sponspoers, attendees) to meetup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document defines and elaborates the schema and policy for Ansible Meetup. This further explains the organization guidelines, permissions and  enablement and onbroading process of different stakeholders (organizers, co-organizers, sponspoers, attendees) to meetup.
```

## What is Ansible meetup?

Ansible Meetup groups are community-driven  gathering of contributors, users, IT professionals, developers, and enthusiasts—from beginners to experts—who use or are interested in Ansible automation. Its core purpose is to facilitate in-person and/or virtual learning, knowledge-sharing, and networking focused on the Ansible ecosystem. Every meetup group is to effectively act as a local extension of the global Ansible community, following the same high open source standards.

The meetup groups organizes events, carry on meetups with the following goals in minds:

### Education & Skill Development

Provide high-quality, informative content via  talks, demos, workshops, that helps attendees to  improve their automation skills using Ansible (and related technologies).

### Community & Networking

> Create an inclusive, welcoming, and safe environment that encourages connection, collaboration, and the expansion of the local professional network. Every meetup group should adhere to the Ansible Code of Conduct.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create an inclusive, welcoming, and safe environment that encourages connection, collaboration, and the expansion of the local professional network. Every meetup group should adhere to the [Ansible Code of Conduct](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/devel/community/code_of_conduct.html).
```

### Ecosystem Adoption

Promote the use and adoption of new Ansible features, collections, and best practices.

### Sustainability & Consistency

> Establish a robust organizational structure and a clear, repeatable process (as different steps explained in the toolkit) is to ensure meetups run consistently (e.g., monthly/bi-monthly) without relying solely on a single individual.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Establish a robust organizational structure and a clear, repeatable process (as different steps explained in the toolkit) is to ensure meetups run consistently (e.g., monthly/quarterly) without relying solely on a single individual.
```

Author: Edited accordingly.

## Organization Guidelines and Permissions

### General Guidelines (Applicable to All stakeholders)

1. Code of Conduct (CoC)

> Strict adherence to the Ansible Community Code of Conduct is mandatory for all participants (organizers, sponsors, attendees). The organizer must announce the CoC contact person at every event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Strict adherence to the [Ansible Code of Conduct](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/devel/community/code_of_conduct.html) is mandatory for all participants (organizers, sponsors, attendees). The organizer MUST announce the CoC contact person at every event, for example as part of the introduction.
```

Author: Added as suggested.

2. Non-Commercial Rule

Presentations must be educational and not a sales pitch. Sponsors may be acknowledged, but their speaking slots are earned based on technical merit, not payment.

3. Accessibility & Inclusivity

Events (both physical and virtual) must be chosen with accessibility in mind. The community strives for diversity in speakers and content.

4. Cost

Meetups must be free to attend. Any sponsorship funds collected must only cover event costs (venue, food, equipment). Ansible Community Team at Red Hat MUST be informed agree to the same. Red Hat being the primary sponsor of Ansible community shall pay for the `meetup.com` account.

5. Deletion of the any meetup chapter

> If an Ansible meetup group does not host a meetup, event, or workshop for X + months, Ansible or Red Hat may stop paying for the group after informing them by email (using the address on meetup.org). If a group remains inactive for X consecutive months in a calendar year, it shall be deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Red Hat reserves the right to stop paying for a Meetup group if it has been inactive for a long time, and doesn't show any signs of returning. This will only happen after the members and any organizer have been consulted.
```

Author: I differ on the phrase of "long term". Instead of  the unspecified time frame (mentioned  as "long term") , we should have a specified and definite duration (as mentioned in the proposed document).  This will help the community on the timeline, what to expect and the level of engagement they need to put in. Specifying the time will help us to avoid the misunderstanding and mismatch of expectation as in the future.

6. Communication

> Every meetup organizers shall use the regular and/common communication medium in the Ansible ecosystem, i.e Ansible Forum, Bullhorn, Ansible Community Newsletter and the dedicated (ansible social) Matrix rooam.

Reviewer: Please include links.
Let's ensure it's easy for people to take the needed actions.

Also include
The auto-generated event pages should have a reply with links to slides and discussions. That is how the organizer should inform all members of the Meetup Group after the event has taken place.

We want the [event-slides](https://forum.ansible.com/tag/event-slides) tag, added. Only a Forum Admin can do that, so they will need to notify us.

Author: Added the links.

### Stakeholders

1. Organizer
2. Co-Organizer
3. Presenter/Speaker
4. Sponsor

> 5. Attendee

Reviewer: - Pro Admin: Ansible Community  Team is the owner of [Ansible on Meetup Pro](https://www.meetup.com/pro/ansible/)
- Co-Organizer: Local organizers that are hosting events (not sponsors unless they are also hosting events)
- Presenter/Speaker
- Sponsor
- Members: Attendees

Author: Edited it accordingly.

### Roles and Permissions

Following are the basic role and and permission of the abovementioned stakeholders.

> 1. Organizer

Reviewer: This and following section need updating since we've moved to Meetup Pro, I think we will only give co-organizer from now on.

Author: Does the following roles to be treated as mentioned hereunder in the  light  of us moving to Meetup pro?

- Organizer  to be deemed as the Co-Organizer ; and 
- Co-Organizer to be deemed as  the Associate Organizer

Reviewer: In Meetup Pro, these are the permissions:
* Network Admin
* Co-organizer
* **Assistant organizer**
* **Event organizer**
* **Member**

I think think we will only use the last three permissions for members

## Documentation

[Docs](https://help.meetup.com/hc/en-us/articles/360002879411-Managing-a-leadership-team?_ga=2.137564725.449168477.1761571094-526918481.1728560796)

3. Presenter/Speaker

The Presenter/Speaker is the person who delivers the content in form of talks, workshops, demos and/or particiapting in the panel disucssions. They are responsible for preparing and delivering high-quality, educational content focused on Ansible and releated technologies. They should adhear to the Ansible Code of Conduct and general community guidelines.
Co-organizer and Organizers MUST provide full support for to the Presenter/Speaker for preparation, during their presentation and thereafter the ability to share slides/recordings with the community post-event.

4. Sponsor

The sponsor porvides for food/drinks, providing a suitable venue, or covering A/V costs.
Branding display at the event, short announcement/thank you during the event, logo on promotional materials. Any branding, sponsorship needs to be informed, vetted and permitted by Ansible, Red Hat. Conatct  Ansible Community team for the navifa=gating the process inside Red Hat.

> Ansible meetup **MUST NOT GURANTEE** of speaking slot or attendee list in return of sposorship. Or the sponsors can not be made Organizer or Co-Organizer as part of the sponsorship.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Ansible meetup **MUST NOT GUARANTEE** of speaking slot or attendee list in return of sponsorship.
* A sponsors MUST NOT be granted any Meetup privileges above `member` as part of the sponsorship.
```
